# Episodes
Episodes downloads the latest episodes of your favorite TV shows as they air and adds them to your iTunes library and iOS devices.  Even if you don't use iTunes, the final product is an m4v file which can be played using most hardware and software playback solutions, including VLC.  Episodes is a Mac app with a simple user interface that allows you to "subscribe" to your favorite shows, either by choosing from a drop-down list of currently airing TV shows, or by entering the show's name manually.

By default, Episodes searches for the highest-quality file it can find for each episode, in terms of both video and audio.  If it can only find a lower-quality version at first, it will download that one but continue looking for higher-quality versions of any episode that has not been deleted from your iTunes library, and will replace the low quality version with the high quality version.  If you've already started watching the lower-quality version when it replaces it with the higher-quality one, it will bookmark the playback position so you can resume watching the higher-quality version right where you left off in the lower-quality version.

Episodes uses a built-in CLI torrent downloader, so you don't need to have a torrent client already installed for it to work.  You'll be amazed how easy it is to use—just set it and forget it!  In fact, it's so simple, you can give a copy to your Grandma and she'd be able to use it without any prior knowledge of BitTorrent technology.  I have included the executable .app file with each release so you don't need to install from source unless you want to.

The vast majority of today's TV torrents are released using h.264 video and either ac3 or aac audio in an mkv container format, in accordance with the scene rules.  Because iTunes supports h.264, ac3, and aac, no transcoding is necessary, so Episodes just re-muxes the raw streams into an iTunes-compatible m4v file, which it then automatically syncs to your devices, including iPhones, iPads, and AppleTVs.

After an episode finishes downloading, Episodes fetches metadata for it, including episode title, airdate, description, season & episode numbers, and artwork in a square format, perfectly suited for iTunes.  It also marks it as a TV show so iTunes adds it to the proper section.

I've been working on this app as a hobby since 2007 and I'm constantly making improvements to it.  Check the "issues" section of this repository to see the fixes and features I have planned for the future, and let me know what you'd like to see.  Happy viewing!! 
